Our recipe for today is my
provolone and for this recipe you will
need two eggs
in that small cake in half slices
tomato cut into cubes half a cup
of provolone cheese also cut into
cubes chopped parsley to taste
about three tablespoons of
olive a salt pinch the yeast
I like pepper and to taste
I'm going to start here I put a
the frying pan already on the
olive oil and I'll leave onion here the screen
much
In the meantime I got the two eggs.
I'm putting a pinch of
yeast and I'll beat those beaten eggs
I'll add the tomato the cheese of a
alone mixture dinha
I'm going to put here a little bit of
chili
I'm going to hit a little more
and then I'm going to drop study on the
onion that was already at the ideal point
Then I 'll take a little fire
There are people, and then when she gets
the other side I had all the
people can already come here she gilded another
side more or less a minute like this
other side
mine is already good and it's just you
put to serve
Then you can decorate the way
Do you want him to stay here cheese?
melted is very tasty
our provolone omelet is ready
If you liked the recipe click
liked it